in a telephone interview of the city in Brazil
We have few people who are capable of helping us.
If you were told by the press after eight weeks,
and us
guided us
he at work
as we were guided in may place where we get materials staff had
already already
something green seal
will also help
the amanda all the material posted in this power receive certification
quite different from bath
does not change anything regarding the term of the work
- between itself or less delayed the fact that he was a foreigner with the
seal
I believe he
what was going to happen as still very young
and has an initially large cost
you
more
I remind entrepreneurs of the truth.
and it goes so much better than his constitutional work
is the best quality whose signal that
the demonstration cost of the enterprise you are doing
will be lower for sure he will opt for month
It's the same kind of work you're going to do.
to use the same
the same materials
you will see that
the minimum possible cement because the cement
cement manufacturing is a great generator of employment and
in the environment then
you have the condition to apply and any type of work
your call to the place is made
here you find transport the ex-server data consumption of your
day with the lucky ones or the new year
So, folks in relation to the pre-salt
we had no great difficulty finding material
had something to certify
or materials lost or in the work where they discussed avina renato in the region prt
messi has worked with 800 that the opponent
so at the rates they do not tell you can bring them here if you get punctual
sea ​​in the club
So which ones are offered by what?
not only in the bay but we can not give up
few materials
here they already have some type of certification
ernesto is proof that it is possible to build government
of the 3 6 million large positions
reducing trawling environmental impacts also a proof that this is of the
devil in the red cross and large companies will have
the prerogative of the team at the front bring you in the moment you need
bring it to the white river and said that it can be ordered media from the body
in force
of course the whole country and the world has been conditioned
we end up reaching the goal
again he decided the social work vehicle in stability in
relation to last year the country